Add build:fast to NPM scripts (#1582)
balena-io/docs: README.md

```
Now you can make changes in this branch. Since our docs are static pages generated from markdown using metalsmith.io, each time you change some of the `.md` files you will need to run rebuild of the docs to generate the static pages. This is done by running:
```
npm run build:fast
```

> This will skip over downloading files from external sources which is a time taking process. However there is a handy watch functionality that will watch for changes in `/pages`, `/shared`, and `/templates` and rebuild each time you save your changes. To use this, open a new tab in your terminal and run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will skip over downloading files from external sources which takes a while. However there is a handy watch functionality that will watch for changes in `/pages`, `/shared`, and `/templates` and rebuild each time you save your changes. To use this, open a new tab in your terminal and run:
```
